refact install.md && add macOS boot guide (#1201)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/install.md

    + RPM package (RedHat/CentOS/RockyLinux/AmazonLinux):

      ```shell
      sudo yum install path/to/emqx-full-package-name.rpm
      ```

    + DEB package (Ubuntu/Debian/Raspbian):

      ```shell
      sudo apt install path/to/emqx-full-package-name.deb
      ```

3. Start EMQX and check status

      - quick start

        ```shell
        sudo su - emqx
        emqx start
        emqx_ctl status
        ```

      - systemctl

        ```shell
        sudo systemctl start emqx
        ```

4.  Stop EMQX Broker

    ```shell
    $ emqx stop
    ```

5.  Uninstall EMQX Broker

    + DEB:

      ```shell
      sudo apt remove --purge emqx
      ```

    + RPM:

      ```shell
      sudo yum remove emqx
      ```

## tgz (Linux, macOS, Windows)

::: warning
tar.gz packages are released for quick testing and hot-beam upgrades.
Do NOT install tar.gz packages for production unless
you know how to manually resolve all the runtime dependencies.
:::

::: warning
The EMQX digital signature work on macOS has not been completed, and the installation and startup of the tgz package may be blocked by [Gatekeeper](https://support.apple.com/zh-cn/guide/security/sec5599b66df/web).

> When you encounter a prompt like **“erl” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified** or **“erlang_jq_port” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified** at startup, handle it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you encounter a prompt like **“erl” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified** or **“erlang_jq_port” cannot be opened because the developer cannot be verified** at startup, solve this as follows:
```

> - Way one: Go to the **Security and Privacy** settings of macOS and check the app that is allowed to be downloaded from **Any source** and restart EMQX

Reviewer: Do not suggest this

> - Way one: Go to the **Security and Privacy** settings of macOS and check the app that is allowed to be downloaded from **Any source** and restart EMQX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Way two: Remove the extended attribute `com.apple.quarantine` of tgz file or folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the extended attribute `com.apple.quarantine` of tgz file or folder:
```
